# 2022 Tri 3 Week 6: 4/25 - 5/2, AP Preparation Week 2.
This is the seccond of two weeks of AP Test Study. Everyone will be performing AP Classroom MCQs and FRQs, even PBL coders.
### Practice Testing
Everyone is doing practice testing this week.  Only exception is if I have observed actions in your PBL and provided you an exception.

* Requirements for Testing
    * No collaboration, no outside sources during classroom testing.
    * MCQ testing.  50% score required on live session for points (1 or 0).  MCQ scores will be complete on CB site by end of period.  MCQ scores will be posted on GitHub Pages.  AP Testers will provide corrections, PBL Testers only need scores unless the score is under 50%.
    * FRQ testing.  50% score according on live session, evaluation is according to CB rules (1 or 0).  FRQs will be performed on paper.  FRQ papers will be turned in at the end of period (students need to take a photo).  Testers will post pictures of Quiz on GitHub Pages, everyone will have a REPL link on Indi GH Pages prior to live grading on Monday.


### Grading Adjustments
Review ticket should be provided by grader with check boxes and clear tangibles showing completion. I have not been seeing this, yet the crossover grader is giving extremely high marks.  For remainder of year, particularly as we move back to PBL project, students need to provide clarity of tangibles in their review ticket.

* Adjustments
    * Crossover.  Grading has been very casual lately. If tangible work is not shown in review ticket, work should be considered incomplete and .5/1 should be maximum score.  In crossover grading session, you have options to suggest and update information during grading.  However, if grader provides 1/1 on work without tangibles they will max out at 4.5/5 on their own work.  Reviewing work and obtaining inspiration from others work is a key skill in Computer Science.
    * Attendance.  Absence, Sick, or Events.  These last couple of weeks many have been missing class.  I have asked, in past, that you message me in Slack and discuss what you can do to make things up.  In PBL, as well as Test Prep, attendance is very important.  Also, if you don't participate in the events of class, like peer review grading, you are missing important learning experiences.
    * Teacher review.  From now on Teacher will reserve .5 after crossover evaluations.  Maximum crossover score will be 4.5/5.  Teacher will be looking at Tangbiles, Student completenes, and Grader evaluations for final .5.


### Here is Friday Acting/Skit/Improv (ASI) activity - Extra credit grading and donuts will be up for grabs.
Northeastern University requires all of its computer science majors to take improv class ... The Wall Street Journal says it "forces students to come out of their shells and exercise creative play" before they can get their diplomas. ... "We saw a lot of hysterics and crying," says Carla E. Brodley, dean of the computer science department.).  

* Rules...
    1. Pick a subject that is related to Tech, Algorithm, Teaching, Study, Classroom or N@tM experience.
    2. Must be done in one or two Scrum Teams, anyone who does not participate will receive a 1 point deduction from Seed
    3. Objective is to make Teacher(s) laugh, cry, or be amazed. Make sure there is some CS educational basis to ASI activity.
    4. Top ASI and/or ASI ideas may earn spots in N@tM finals, with additional REWARDS.
    5. Time 2 to 5 minutes
    * ASI brain invigoration sample, an over the top example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=14La4BKNoqc
    * Topic Ideas: Stand-up Meeting, Tech Talks, Test Prep Tue, Stacks, Queues, Sorts, Frontent/Backend, Sassy, POJO, Live Grading, Crossover Grading, N@tM presentations, Sponsor requirements meeting, GitHub, GitHub Pages, Deployment, Paper testing, IntelliJ, Replit, Deployment


### Study Week 2 Schedule
Current week

* M - Intorduction to Week, Crossover Grading, Improv Prep
* Tu - MCQ testing, everyone
* W - Improv Prep, Study or PBL
* Th - FRQ testing, everyone
* F - Acting/Skit/Improv Event


### Exam Week Schedule
Next week look ahead.  Class will mostly be a study hall.  As an exception, other classroom study will be acceptable. The big CS events for next week will be Monday (crossover grading) and Friday (feature review, update)

* M May 2 - Crossover Grading 20 minutes
* Tu May 3 - Study Hall
* W May 4 - AP Exam
* Th May 5 - Study Hall
* F May 6 - PBL Final Project feature reviews 5 minutes, Live Grading 3 points
