### **2020 Tri 3 Week 5: 4/18 - 4/25**, AP Preparation Week 1.
There will be two weeks of AP Test Study or PBL Coding based off your goals.

#### Activities.
* AP Testers
    * Check College Board for study material, procotored test will open up on the morning of the event.
    * On Tue and Thu you will have a 4 hour window where MCQ or FRQ will be open.  This is to provide simulation of timed testing.
    * There are many little quizes and videos assigned for review.  These are optional, but suggested.
    * For points, GH individual pages and Review Ticket is required to account for your time, progress, and corrections.
* PBL Coders
    * All teams have a project and should be establishing milestones in order to accomplish goals set by sponsor
    * For Indi points, assigned ticket, scrum master review, and tangibles for individual
    * For Team points, scrum master week plan and overview of key feature additions per sponsor requirements

#### Timeline
* **Mon Plan Week**
    * AP Testers establish Individual Test plan ticket and record progress in individual GH Pages
    * PBL Coders need to establish Individual Ticket and record Team progress in GH Pages
* **Tue** MCQ Testing for AP Testers or CCC
* **Wed** MCQ corrections or CCC  
* **Thu** FRQ Testing or CCC
* **Fri** FRQ crossover review and corrections or CCC, Deliver Review ticket and GH Pages
    * AP Testers will find fellow AP Tester and do Crossover Grading
    * PBL Coders will do Scrum Master reviews and grading
